Update on initial introduction 67-Sequence.md (#130)
comp129/comp55: docs/labs/67-Sequence.md

or more succinctly,
sequence diagrams tell us who called what and when.

## Why are Sequence Diagrams Useful

> Sequence diagrams are useful in desigining, debugging, or documenting complex systems.
> For more information you can visit the following:
> [Spiceworks Article](https://www.spiceworks.com/tech/devops/articles/sequence-diagram/)

Reviewer: Make sure to use the commit suggestion directly from the pull request tab @chrisxchew 

```suggestion
Sequence diagrams are useful in designing, debugging, or documenting complex systems.
For more information you can visit the following
[Spiceworks article](https://www.spiceworks.com/tech/devops/articles/sequence-diagram/).
```

## Real-World Example

> To better understand sequence diagrams, you can look at a real-world example such as checking out
> on an online store in the following:
> [Spiceworks Article](https://www.spiceworks.com/tech/devops/articles/sequence-diagram/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To better understand sequence diagrams, you can look at a
[real-world example from Spiceworks](https://www.spiceworks.com/tech/devops/articles/sequence-diagram/)
about how checking out from an online store would work.
```

or more succinctly,
sequence diagrams tell us who called what and when.

## Why are Sequence Diagrams Useful

Sequence diagrams be useful in desigining, debugging, or documenting complex systems.

> For more information you can visit the following Spiceworks Article:
> 
> [Spiceworks Article](https://www.spiceworks.com/tech/devops/articles/sequence-diagram/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information you can visit the following
[Spiceworks Article](https://www.spiceworks.com/tech/devops/articles/sequence-diagram/):
```

## Real-World Example

To better understand sequence diagrams, let's consider a real-world example such as checking out
on an online store:

- The customer (actor) adds items to the cart and proceeds to checkout
- The shopping cart system (participant) sends a cart summary to the customer to review
- The customer confirms the order, initiates the payment and goes to the payment gateway (participant)
- The payment gateway processes the payment and sends a confirmation to the shopping cart system
- The shopping cart system confirms the order
- The shopping cart system sends the details to the order processing system (participant)
- The order processing system prepares the order for shipment and sends a confirmation to the customer.

This real-world example along with another one can be found on the following Spiceworks Article:

[Spiceworks Article](https://www.spiceworks.com/tech/devops/articles/sequence-diagram/)

In this lab, you'll learn how to create sequence diagrams using PlantUML

> starting with the basics and gradually building more compelx interactions.

Reviewer: I would also potentially bring this down to just one sentence that you add about a shopping card example instead of reiterating what they have the customer as the actor and the shopping cart system as the gateway.
